I never thought it would come to that.

It was simple. I was stuck. Thrown into the endless loop of confusion that periodically plagues even the best of students.
This wasn't the way it was supposed to be. It was a simple job: get in, code, get out.
It never was.

It started off as any normal afternoon. Everyone in the group had visions on what the project was to be. One thought this
while another thought that and eventually, we got to the point where it was "thit", a mix & mash of the two ideas to 
promote the peace. Imbeded in the plans were inklings of AIs, various types to solve different types of problems. It was
never intended to be a large enough intelligence that it would dominate the world, nor a small enough to lose Connect 4
with a young child. Somewhere in the middle, "thit" lived. And that is where I hoped it would remain. 

Once we finally got the meat of the project done, the concern turned to the AIs. Unbenownst to us, the AI had manifested
itself into groups of different tribes, based solely on their programming and complexity. The Easy AI lived the simplest,
still working off the land and making small huts to live in in groups of 3 to 4. They hadn't discovered animal husbandry
yet and by the looks of it, they probably wouldn't. Birds chirped near the tribe and rabbits would actively come forth,
unfazed by the size of the beings but drawn in to the compassion emenating from them. For the rest of the animal kingdom,
life had found a way to coexist with this tribe.

The Medium AIs were a bit more bothersome, known for enslaving all those who came to their dominion, whether it be to use
the bathroom, or ask for directions. The very plants would not grow, scared of the life they had to live, and the animals
knew well to stay away. They looked down upon the Easy AIs as backwards, savage, and flawed, as these vile beings rounded
up all the Easy AIs near them to ship them away to Robertesque, a mining facility where AIs go to die.

As they walked, the very grounds ruptured and spit acid, the lava spilling forth, calm in comparison to the heat fuming
from the feet of the Hard AIs. Their tribe developed tools beyond the brightest minds of the Medium, beyond the imaginations
of the Easys, and put this all to use to wage war on both. A deadly stuggle to the top left the cities in ruins, poisonous
gas, the likes of which could drop the mightest of warriors, billowed through their homes, refreshing their airs through
the ventilations. They were beasts which none could master. And it was my task to do so.

The situation was dire and hopeless. How could I tame what could not be tamed, topple towers made of un-toppable materials,
sink the most unsinkable ships? I laid my head down and thought, then picked it back up, traced a solution, scrapped it, and
thought again. Over and over and over again, I did so, hoping for an end to my insanity, for a way out. 
"Get yourself together!"
Who was that? I picked my head up, unsure of how to proceed.
"You have to used a flowchart," said the voice again. 
I looked around and saw none other than Waddles, straddled in the armor of the gods, riding the Pegasus of Dreams! He looked
at me right in the eyes and reached out, his hand beckoning me towards the light. As he strode off, I ran to catch up, tripped
and woke up. Right then, I made a flowchart and I managed to get a good early prototype for the Hard AI done.